Create doc explaining how we do revenue forecasting (#7480)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/revenue-and-forecasting.md

---
title: Revenue and forecasting
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

The growth team maintains the revenue dashboards and queries that are used to understand:

1. What our historical revenue record looks like
2. What our revenue is expected to be this month
3. What our churn, growth, expansion, and contraction look like
4. Which customers have done the above activities
5. etc

Currently, all revenue dashboards can be found in Metabase (though we hope to have them all in PostHog's own data warehouse soon 👀).

## Important dashboards
(these require internal access)
- [General overview](http://metabase-prod-us/dashboard/1-overview): Useful to see our ARR graph and get quick links to dig into revenue for certain months.
- [Revenue lifecycle](http://metabase-prod-us/dashboard/38-revenue-lifecycle-deep-dive-dashboard): Useful to see trends over time for churn, expansion, new revenue, etc.
- [Product-specific analysis](http://metabase-prod-us/dashboard/39-revenue-growth-by-product (pick your product and date [month] at the top!)): Kind of a combination of the above two, but for a specific product

> - [Revenue by customer bucket](http://metabase-prod-us/dashboard/40-revenue-growth-by-customer-spend-size): I've yet to find this dashboard very useful, but maybe that time hasn't come yet, or maybe you will dig up some gold there :)

Reviewer: I find this dashboard super useful from a financial modelling and board reporting perspective! (So at least 1 person is using it regularly 😄)

Author: Good to know!

```suggestion
- [Revenue by customer bucket](http://metabase-prod-us/dashboard/40-revenue-growth-by-customer-spend-size): Useful for understanding trends in contract size for financial modeling, support, etc
```
